[Enhance] Substitute the environment variable in config file. (#744)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/advanced_tutorials/config.md

When we want to modify the dataset path at the command line, we can take `replace_data_root.py` as an example:

```python
dataset_type = 'CocoDataset'
data_root = '{{$DATASET:/data/coco/}}'
dataset=dict(ann_file= data_root + 'train.json')
```

If we run `demo_train.py` to parse this configuration file.

```bash
python demo_train.py replace_data_root.py
```

```
Config (path: replace_data_root.py): {'dataset_type': 'CocoDataset', 'data_root': '/data/coco/', 'dataset': {'ann_file': '/data/coco/train.json'}}
```

Here, we don't set the environment variable `DATASET`. Thus, the program directly replaces `{{$DATASET:/data/coco/}}` with the default value `/data/coco/`. If we set `DATASET` at the command line:

```bash
DATASET=/new/dataset/path/ python demo_train.py replace_data_root.py
```

```
Config (path: replace_data_root.py): {'dataset_type': 'CocoDataset', 'data_root': '/new/dataset/path/', 'dataset': {'ann_file': '/new/dataset/path/train.json'}}
```

The value of `data_root` has been substituted with the value of `DATASET` as `/new/dataset/path`.

> ```note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{note}
```

Environment variable substitution occurs before the configuration parsing. If the replaced field is also involved in other fields assignment, the environment variable substitution will also affect the other fields. In the above example, dataset.ann_file = data_root + 'train.json', so when data_root is replaced, dataset.ann_file will also be changed. Meanwhile, --cfg-options replace a field after the configuration file is parsed. --cfg-options data_root='/new/dataset/path/' does not affect dataset.ann_file
```

> Environment variables can also be used to replace other types of fields. We can use `{{'$ENV_VAR:DEF_VAL'}}` or `{{"$ENV_VAR:DEF_VAL"}}` format to ensure the configuration file conforms to python syntax.

Reviewer: I think it's better to make a direct comparison between these formats and their evaluation results. This should make it clear to readers.

When we want to modify the dataset path at the command line, we can take `replace_data_root.py` as an example:

```python
dataset_type = 'CocoDataset'
data_root = '{{$DATASET:/data/coco/}}'
dataset=dict(ann_file= data_root + 'train.json')
```

If we run `demo_train.py` to parse this configuration file.

```bash
python demo_train.py replace_data_root.py
```

```
Config (path: replace_data_root.py): {'dataset_type': 'CocoDataset', 'data_root': '/data/coco/', 'dataset': {'ann_file': '/data/coco/train.json'}}
```

Here, we don't set the environment variable `DATASET`. Thus, the program directly replaces `{{$DATASET:/data/coco/}}` with the default value `/data/coco/`. If we set `DATASET` at the command line:

```bash
DATASET=/new/dataset/path/ python demo_train.py replace_data_root.py
```

```
Config (path: replace_data_root.py): {'dataset_type': 'CocoDataset', 'data_root': '/new/dataset/path/', 'dataset': {'ann_file': '/new/dataset/path/train.json'}}
```

The value of `data_root` has been substituted with the value of `DATASET` as `/new/dataset/path`.

> It is noteworthy that both `--cfg-options` and `{{$ENV_VAR:DEF_VAL}}` allow users modified fields in command line. But there is a small difference between those two methods. Environment variable substitution occurs before the configuration parsing. If the replaced field is also involved in other fields assignment, the environment variable substitution will also affect the other fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is noteworthy that both `--cfg-options` and `{{$ENV_VAR:DEF_VAL}}` allow users to modify fields in command line. But there is a small difference between those two methods. Environment variable substitution occurs before the configuration parsing. If the replaced field is also involved in other fields assignment, the environment variable substitution will also affect the other fields.
```
